Gaming on
Can we get Call of Duty?
Because (***) else can you yap about?
Roblox? Roblox is great
I capped well i'm not
What do mean grapping her? What did you, grapping her?
Soso- How nihce can I go?
Okay, my num- my
I like my gold game in roblox wher-w(***)
A game from an old event? Like it's just a mining game. Like just keep on going to the mine.
Cuz I didn't-I didn't have minecraft
I started playing (***) (***) got Minecraft.
So I started going to, do you know Azur Mines?
I found it in like an old event in like 2016.
No, it's still around. Like it's a public game.
like It was part of what like a Roblox event. There was an item you could get by doing stuff in it.
But I got addicted to it, cuz I like just going my name.
And like even in Minecraft to this day, I still do prison sometimes.
Huh?
Hahaha..
Cause it's in a restaurant.  Okay, fair enough.
What about... How many Obbies do you play?
Too many what? Oh yeah.
No run-, run (***) (***)
Hmmmm
Huhh?
Hahahaha...
Is it only that game?
Hahahahha....
Do you play Subway Surfer?
I mean who didn't play Subway surfers at some point?Huhh?
Yeah.Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah
Nah.I never played it. Jetpack Joyride? Jet-
Jetpack joyride! Who cares if it's bad, if fun
I never taught you to say that.
I occasionally saw people play it if they brought like the iPad to school for some reason but like
I don't fish for myself.
Haha..
Hahaha..
Oh, wait, I think I've played that once. I think I've played that once.
Wait, guys, do you know a breaking point?
It's the one where like all the players are like in a dark room around a table and there's like a single lamp
And it's like a gun gets passed around
Yeah
It's fun ,it's fun if you're bored.
Yeah.Huh?
Maybe
Hmm
It's like mafia.So it
Haha..Mofia? Mofia ? Haha
So it's Mafia.
Do you know Thomas Salem?
Steam game Hot Times forensic mafia.
But it makes like  a lot more complicated stuff. It's an add-on for like a (***)
And that's like a second of every party to the townies.
I've heard of it.
Guys.